---
layout: post
title: "Translation 2009"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

This article was a translation of a Chinese article. 

---

The way you do business can also enable customers to have a good impression just as your personal appearance and attitude. When visit customers, it is important that the conversation was came straight to. He will not be really interested to what you are talking about, like the conditions of the weather, the presidential speech the night before, or the football games on Sunday. He is also no interested to the things like your praise of his suit and ravishing appearance of his daughter in the picture on the wall. Such gossip is an expression of insincerity and appropriate his time. I always think the way of straightforward is the most effective. So I assure you that any businessman will  respect you for you can do that. 

As the appearance determines the first impression of a man, the appearance also determines the first impression of a product、location and company.
For example, you may notice that the parking attendant of a hotel in brisk business will park the cars of Rolls-Royce 、Benz and Cadillac on the most prominent position, then when you go to the gate of the hotel, you can must see them. I used to think that the wealthy had given more tips to do so. 

But the real reason is that every successful restaurant operators know that the good image can promote food product. He want to tell the public that we treat the guest who is in some style. Therefore, obviously, our food are must be careful cooked.

A clean and tidy appearance also show that you are efficient organized, every company I know expect to have such image. If you ever walked into the  vehicle servicing station of a garage in clean and tidy , I'm sure you'll like me thinking that it is comfortable to leave the car maintenance there.


