---
layout: post
title: "Translation 2007"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

This article was a translation of a Chinese article. 

---

Modern city has the tragic effects on human, for it had kill the aesthetic feeling of human. The material benefits of an affluent society make the attention of people from the city and culture to technology products:  washing machine、central heating、automatic cookers、television、computer and carpet in just the right size. They totally absorbed in democratic、well-off and the happiness have car to drive at this moment, life has never been so good.

They don't want to walk. Statistics show that the distance from the parking lot to the shopping center was designed very short. As there were not enough parking facilities away from the street, in the city, there were just parked cars and parking pricing table in the road all over the place. Crowded become the main factor affecting the environment, according to the  statistics the thing can be worse if every family have two cars.
At the same time, "land values" brings not only harm, but insult. The value of the land due to its use, it's income comes from the services it provides. When its use is strengthened, its income and value will increase. "Using land fully and rational" become the main economic standard of the  cities development. The methods of trading and population increase brought stress, make cities rise vertical. People also have to adapt to this crowded to maintain these relatively false land value. Paradoxically,  the cure try to eliminate congestion was making more and more crowded.

Part of the scattered, or called false scattered, large development at the place away from the traditional centre of town, just transfer the disease to a town around. It will not be able to cure if there is no combined with the town traffic system reconstruction. On this point, the necessity of laying a complex intersection had a strong influence on the engineering solution, in turn, was frustrated by the exaggerated land value.
