---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20131216"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Science and technology is the source power which can drive civilization of Human being. China, an old-line country, has had a high position in the world's technology history. Today, Chinese people are not only sharing the harvest of technology and civilization with people from rest of the world, but promoting the science and technology in all kinds of field as well. High-tech Olympics means that we will closely follow the latest high-tech developments home and abroad and integrate the high-tech achievements nationwide so as to host a magnificent sports event in high-tech achievement. In doing so, Beijing's capacity in high-tech innovation will be improved and the application of high-tech achievements in production and people's life promoted. Beijing Olympic Games will be a window to showcase our high-tech achievements and innovative capacity.

---

Last year, the Federal Aviation Administration increased by ten pounds the average passenger weight they use to calculate aircraft loads. Since then crude oil prices have hit record levels, with many firms responding by raising the fuel surcharge they add to ticket price.

The rising level of obesity in the US and in Europe has prompted government health campaign and harsh criticism of a number of food firms. Restaurant chain McDonald's has helped lift profits. The prediction by experts, however, is that humans are set to become bigger, putting increasing pressure on airline profit.

---

Latest estimates of the cost of hosting the Athens Olympics put them at up to $10 billion huge amount for a small country like Greece, once the poorest in the EU.

The nation has prinned hopes of successful future on the events being a showcase for a "transformed" county, attracting new investors and tourists alike. But there is anger in government that the home team's doping scandals and tourism slump are ruining Greece's image. A key treasury aide told reporters that Games spending would become an investment only if Greece got the right public relations message across.

---

During his lifetime, Xu Xiake travled around and conducted surveys in 16 provinces. He left his footsteps in virtually every part of the country. In the process of conducting his surveys and investigations, he would never blindly embrace the conclusions recoreded in provious documents. Instead, he discouvered that the documentations made by his predecessors in their geofraohical studies were not quite reliable in many aspects. In order to ensure that his reconnaissance were real and detailed, he seldom traveled by ship or by wagon. He climbed over mountains and hills and traveled long distances almost entirely on food. In order to develop a true picture of the natural world, he made it a point of undertaking his expeditions in those mountain areas where roads were difficult to travel and in those woods that were sparsely populated. In the way he discovered many marvelous mountains and beautiful scenes. He frequently chose different times and seasons of the year to make repeated visits to the famous mountains across the country so that he could make repeated observations of their wonderful scenery that kept changing all year round. 

---

Literacy and life spans have risen dramatically in most developing countries over the past few decades, and the status of women is slowly improving nearly everywhere. It was a global coalition of citizen's groups linked by e-mail that initiated and largely drafted the recent treaty to ban land mines and persuaded most of the world's governments to sign it. And increasingly, environmental groups are working with private corporations, often to startling effect: Witness the recent decision of some two dozen major companies to endorse the global climate treaty.

---

No one can forecast with certainty the precise roles that North America, Europe, and Japan will play in the future. Their potential capacity for leadership and influence is bolstered by the enormous economic and social advantages they enjoy, as well as their command of capital and technoloy. But reacitionary social and political tendencies could lead to a less-optimistic scenario in which these powerful regions forge a narrower, inward-looking strategy. It is not at all certain that more-affluent nations will share a single outlook.

 


 






 