---
layout: post
title: "English Writing 20131217"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

###Changes in People's Diet

Some noticeable changes have taken place in people's diet in China in recent years. The proportion of grain, which is the staple food for many Chinese people, has decreased significantly, while the proportion of milk and meats has been increasing considerably.

Many factors contribute to the changes in diet. First of all, with the raipd development of the economy, Chinese people are now more affluent and they enjoy a higher standard of living. As a resultm they can afford to buy more milk and meats on the market is another factor. The abundant supply of meats and milk makes possible these changes in people's diet.

The changes in people's diet, however, cause some concern. Health experts believe that it is good to add some meats and milk to people's diet, for meats provide protein, and milk calcium, both of which are indispensable for people's health. However, too much of them may also pose a serious health problem: overweight. Experts remind us to bear in mind that proper proportion of different food groups is of vital importance for one's health, so the best policy is to strike a balance in one's diet.

---

###The Civil Servant Test Craze

The picture shows that there are an increasing number of people participating in the Civil Servant Test in recent years. Millions of people consider being a civil servant as their most ideal occupation. The craze for Civil Servant Test has attracted widespread attention.

The following facotrs and reasons may account for this kind of craze. Above all, people, especially college students, are confronting great employment pressure nowdays. Being a civil servant becomes their preferable choice as it is one of the most stable professions in China. Moreover, the welfare and salary of civil sevants have been improved steadily, which is quite attractive to many people. Besides, civil servants enjoy a high social status.

In my opinion, the carze will continue in the fellowing years. Howerver, this is not a good phenomenon. If many high-quality gradyates and elites of industries gather in the government departments, it might lead to a waste of hunman resources. It is not beneficial to the development of our nation, either. Therefore, it is vital that the individuals have a more objective understanding of the carze and make sure not to follow the trend blindly.

 






 