---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140107"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

The relationship between the contemporary China and the world has taken an historic changes. China's economy has become an important part of the world economy, China has become an important member of the international system, China's destiny is closely associated with the fate of the world. 
China's development cannot leave the world, the world's prosperity and stability can also not without China. China will committe to work together with various countries to construct the world of enduring peace and harmony of common prosperity.

Differences between people is their different attitude towards things. Someone distinguish between things according to the color, size, shape of the things, someone to do so according the inner characteristics and causality of the things. Some may pay more attention to the inherent difference between things, while ignoring the differences between things. The different attitude of treating things determines the different ways to deal with problems.

Making friends is to establish a simple, sincere social circle, friendship is mutual, we can be with friends in the days of peace in a leisurely stroll, express elegant talents; we would also like with friends to live through  rough days. Friendship should not fall into mediocrity and mould, we should take courage, wisdom, strength, grace for the friendship.

---



The referential translation:
---

Historic changes have taken place in the relationship between contemporary China and the rest of the world. The Chinese economy has become an integral part of the world economy. China has become an important member among the international systems, and its future and destiny have been closely connected with the international community. China cannot develop in isolation from the rest of the world, nor can the world enjoy prosperity and stability without China, China will, as it always does, endeavor to build, together with other countries, a harmonious world of enduring peace and common prosperity.

The difference among people lies in the different attitudes they hold toward the objects. Some men classify objects by their color, size and appearance; others by intrinsic likeness, or by the relation of cause and effect. Still, some may focus on the inherent difference, and neglect their external difference. People's different attitudes determine their differnent ways of dealing with things.

Making friends aims at building a plain and pure-hearted sociality circle; the friendship refers to help each other. We can have rambles on serene days, express graceful feelings, and share frustrations as well with our friends. Friendship should never fall into something usual and settled. We should complement the friendship with courage, wisdom and strength.