---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140109"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

"Culture", which is originally means accumulation in the foreign language. The ancient scholars attaches great importance to the process of gradual accumulation, this is the right approach conforms to the general law. They think that learning is not only depends on understanding, but also depends on the memory, no matter how strong to the comprehension and retention, there is a process to understand and remember the things we need to learn. Some people think that they can learn everything at once, the result must be counterproductive.

The development of innovation in science and education is the important power for a sustainable future. Economic growth and the improvement of people's livelihood depends on the progress of knowledge in the final analysis, especially to rely on the innovation of scientific and technological. We should put the development of innovation in science and technology in priority to the strategic position of international cooperation. Continuously expanding the cooperation in the areas of science and technology, deepen the connotation in cooperation of science and technology, enhance the level of innovation in science and technology. In technological innovation, talent is the key, and education is the foundation.

Winners can only experience the true self through self-understanding, self-display and become a reliable and responsible person. He won't be afraid to do his own thinking and use his own knowledge. He screened subjective opinions and objective facts, didn't pretend to know everything. He listened to the opinions of others, evaluated of the opinions of others, but the conclusion must be his own. He can appreciate and respect others, not limite or bound by them, and not also worship gods to others.

---


The referential translation:
---

The term "culture" originally means accumulation in foreign languages. Ancient scholars laid much emphasis on incremental progress in learning, which is the right method that accords with regular rules, because the learning does not only depend on the ability to understanding but on the ability to memorizing. No matter how strong your understanding and memory are, it always takes some time before you can really understand and memorize things you learned. Some people think that they could comprehend everything at a set, but the reality would always turn out to be the opposite.

An important driving force for building a sustainable future is to advance scinencr, technology and education. Ultimately, econmic grouwth and better livelihood mainly depend on the advantage of knowledge, especially scientiffic and technological innovation. Scientific and technological innovation should be laid in the strategic priority for carrying out international cooperation, so as to expand and deepen such cooperation and make new progress in scientific and technological innovation. As for scientific and technological innovation, human resources are the key and education is the basis.

Only a winner becomes a credible and responsible person by knowing himself and being himself, can be experience the reality of himself. He is not afraid to do his own thinking and to use his own knowledge. He can separate objective facts from personal opinions and doesn't pretend to have all the answers. He listens to others, evaluates what others sys, but comes to his own conclusions. While he can admire and respect other people, he is not totally defined, bound, or awed by them.
