---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140106"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

I dont think no one likes to go out and see around. Look at other people and other places. You can not only to know the world, but also know yourself. Some people travelled on the luxury cruise ship，if Xei Lingyun was reincarnated, he might did so. Some people carried bags, tramp over hill and dale. Someone travel around the world riding a bicycle. All of these make me envy. What I think is driving for the long march, and go to the ends of the earth. My wife loves to travel than me, so two people just for the companion, Xu Xiake will envy for this. But Xu Xiake was the big traveler and explorer, we are just travele for fun.

---

The World Exposition is the corridors  to show the inspirations and thoughts of human. Since the "Universal Industrial Exposition" was held at London in 1851. The World Expo had an increasingly significant as a huge exchanges for economic, technological and cultural. It is an important platform, various countries show the development experience in it,  exchange the innovative ideas, carry forward the team spirit, looking to the future together.

China has a long history of civilization, and promotes the international exchange and loves the world peace. China won the 2010 World Expo by the support and confidence of the international community for China's reform and opening up. The exposition will be the first World Expo held in a developing country, it also has the good looking forward to the future development of China from the world people.

The 2010 world expo will focus on the potential of urban life in the 21st century. It is expected that 50% of the world's population would live in cities in 2010. The city life in the future, which is the topic of global concern. As the first exposition use the city as a theme, Expo 2010 will attract the attention of the governments and the people around the world  to the theme of "a better city, a better life".

The 2010 world expo will be an international event. We will promote more countries and people to participate in, for their support and understanding, make the World Expo 2010 to be a joy party for the people around the world.

The referential translation:
---

I dont think people dont like to go and have a look aroud: look at more people and travel more countries, which not only can make you understand the world, but also know yourself. Some people travel by lunxury cruise ships, Xie Lingyun, a poet, if he is still alive now, he will probably do like this. Some carry luggage to tramp over mountains and through ravines. And some rides bikes to travle around the world. And all these ways made me jealous. But I prefer to drive to visit the remotest corners of the globe. My wife loves travel more than me, so we two are travelling companion of each other, which may make the traveler Xu Xiake envious. However, Xu Xiake is a great traveller and explorer, and we are just travelling around.

---

World Expositions are galleries of hunman inspirations and thoughts. Since 1851 when the Great Exhibition of Industries of All Nations was held in London, the World Expositions have attained increasing prominence as grand events for economic, scientific, technological and cultural exchanges, serving as an important platform for displaying historical experiecne, exchanging innovative ideas, demonstrating esprot de crops and looking to the future.

With a long civilization, China favors international exchange and loves world peace. China owes its successful bid for the World Exposition in 2010 to the international community's support for and condidence in its reform and opening-up. The Exposition will be the first registered World Exposition in a developing counrty, which give expreesion to the expectations the world's people place on China's future development.

Expo 2010 Shanghai China will be a great event to explore the full potential of urban life in the 21st century, Fifty-five percent of the world poplution is expected to live in cities by the yeat 2010. The prospect of future urban life is a subject of global interest. Being the first World Exposition on the theme of city, Exposition 2010 will attract governments and people from across the world, focusing on the thems "Better City, Better Life."

Expo 2010 Shanghai China will also be grand international gathering. We shall do our best to encourage the participation and gain the understanding and support of variosu countiries and peoples, in order to turn Expo 2010 Shanghai China into a happy reunion of people from all over the world.



 