---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140112"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}


The referential translation:
---

For all the fevered work being done, howerver, science is still far away from the Brave New World vision of engineering a perfect human or even a perfect tomato. Much more research is needed before gene therapy becomes commonplace. And many diseases will take decades to conquer, if they can be conquered at all.

In the short run, the most practical way to use the new technology will be in genetic screening. Doctors will be able to detect all shorts of flaws in DNA long before they can be fixed. In some cases the knowledge may lead to treatments that delay the onset of the disease or soften its effects. Someone with a genetic predisposition to heart disease, for example, could fellow a low-fat diet. And if scientists determine that a vital protein is missing because the gene that was supposed to make it is defective, they might be able to give the patient an artificial version of the protein. But in other instances, almost nothing can be done to stop the ravages brought on by genetic mutations.

-----

Everyone should has an ambition in his lifetime, otherwise his energy will be wasted. Each young man endeavors to be a person with achievements. It is unwisr for a young man who merely looks forward to becoming wealthy, or only to attend to pursue power and fame is also incorrect. A young man wishes to be an achiever, which is often actualized in the end. Here is an example about the story of Disraeli. When Disraeli began his public life, he was eager to become a scholar and speechmaker. He was more successful in the aspect of literature than in the aspect of speech. Initially he entirely failed as a speechmaker. However, he deemed that he was sure to surmount the surmount the obstacle, therefore he committed himself to the aim's realization with persevering spirit. Some of his friends considered what he sought was stupid, even whimsical. But he persisted in his aim and finally succeeded. He become one of the most knowledgeable and eloquent speechmakers who has ever appeared in Britain. The cited story is not to illustrate that only being a scholar or a speechmaker, there are a lot of same magnificent and worshipful career. The story is just used to illustrate that a young man need to have lofty ambition, for "we would rather have high ambition even not be able to obtain our aims than have low ambition in order to obtain them."
