---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140122"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}


The referential translation:
---

I tend to agree that young children can be negatively affected by too much time spent on the computer every day.

This is partly beacause sitting in front of a screen for too long can be damaging to both the eyes and the physical posture of a young child, regardless of what they are using the computer for.

The main concern is about the type of computer activities that attract children. These are often electronic games that tend to be very intense and rather violent. The player is usually the "hero" of the game and too much exposure can encourage children to be self-centred and insensitive to others.

Even when children use a computer for other purposes, such as getting information or emailing friends, it is no substitute for human interaction. Spending time with other children and sharing experiences is an importan part of a child's development that can not be provided by a computer.

In spite of this, the obvious benefits of computer skills for young children cannot be denied. Their adult world will be changing constantly in terms of technology and the Internet is the key to all the knowledge and information availbale in the world today. Therefore, it is impoatant that children learn at an early age to use the equipment with confidence as they will need these skills throughout their studies and working lives.

I think the main point is to make sure that young children do not overuse computers. Parents must ensure that their children learn to enjioy other kinds of acticity and not simply sit at home, learning to live in virtual world.

---

Today, education has become a priority for many parents seeking to secure a good future for their children in this rapidly changing world. They believe that if their children apply themselves and work hard at school, then they will increase their opportunities for going to higher education and eventually getting a good job.

Of course they are right, and as access to the best education and best jobs is becoming more comprtitive, it is true that  children have to make the best of their study time when they are young.

However, the parents who do not allow their children sufficient free time for leisure activities ouside shchool hours, are misguided. Such activities are far from being a waste of time for the children simply because they are not academic. It is important to remember that children need to develop skills other than intellectual oness, and the best way to do this is through activities such as sports, games and playing with other kids. If they cannot play make-believe games, how can they develop their imagination? How can they learn physical coordination or learn imprtant social lessons about winning and losing if they do not practise any sports? Many children form strong, personal relationships with the friends they play with, and without the opportunity to do this, they could grow up emotionally immature.

Finaaly, I think it is also imprtant to remember that children need to relax as well as work. If everything they do must have some educational or academic relevance, then they will soon get tired of studying altogether, which is the last thing that parents would want.