---
layout: post
title: "Translation 20140115"
description: " "
category: translation
tags: [essay, practice]
---
{% include JB/setup %}


The referential translation:
---

Intellectuals are members of the working class who have a better scientific and general eduction than others. They have an especially importan role to play in the reform, the opening up and the modernization drive. Whether we do or not give full scope to their abilities will determine, to a considerable degress, the prosperity or decline of our nation and the success or failure of the drive for modernization.

---

It has become increasingly clear that the United States must find methods to control inflation, probably the single problem that most worries the average American. Preseident Jimmy Carter noted that inflation is the cruelest tax that anyone can pay. Many people agree with that sentiment, arguing that the presistent decline in the dollar's purchasing power hurts people directly because products cost more, and also causes a kind of psychological damage. Recent polls have shown that the average American, far from being optimistic, expects prices to rise to ever higher rates. In the short run this has casused consumers to maintain their levels of spending with the conviction that it is better to buy this year rather than next. But the question is: how long can this go on?

---

Backward must be recognized before it can be changed. One must learn from those who are more advanced before he can catch up with and surpass them. In order to raise China's science and technological level we must persist in the policy of independence and self-reliance. Independence does not mean shutting the door on the world, not does selfreliance mean bling opposition to everything foreign. Science and technology are part of the wealth created in common by all mankind.

It is not just today, when we are scientifically and technologically backward, that we need to learn from others. Evern after we catch up with the most advanced countries, we shall have to learn from them in areas where they are particularly strong.